welcome boys and girls this is Rs flips
and tricks being another initiative peer
pika character you guys this combo is
gonna be a little bit different and
you'll see why because I'm introducing
my little friend his name is beat I'm
gonna let him have a little freestyle
rap so let me introduce my my ramp here
we go freestyle guys my name is angel
twins I'm up in the PCP worlds I don't
really how to wrapped but got no dabs yo
my name is angel twins I said it again
to make sure you're awake yo this one
def pure doesn't know what he's doing
he's got a nice whip but it's not
flowing you know he's got that prayer
book and I got one too my name is guts
cuz it's nice into yo got this DBS in my
inventory got these sharks and I'm Ian
them up because he's wrecking me like a
little dump yo his name is brown foot
life but I'm actually wet for life yo
pun on these prayers he's red bar and me
all day and night yo nice throw rapper
know what I'm gonna do next let's call
it a que o yo here I go dr. about that
nice EDS wait a little second because
here it comes here we go up in this flow
let d bolt and make that speck go go
there we go flow in that speck unload oh
so he is dead that Rico can't kill me
this guy rush me with his g-ma you got
in bak robes cuz he doesn't know how to
pay for nice gear he doesn't know what
he's doing he's got a nice Street at me
why does he have a coif I do not know
why he doesn't know how to spec he
doesn't know how yo I'm gonna put on the
strength prayer because it's gonna help
me speck this guy out yo this guy
doesn't know what he knows how to wreck
he's got a rude skim he doesn't risk
yo it's tight
doesn't know how to make that speck go
go go but I'm gonna make it flow DBS
here we go go I'm saying though Brian
another time hey dude we go he's got
that I spice barrage because he likes to
make me hot move yo egos shark it heals
me help cuz that's what I do stay of
life you're the DD yes comes yo I'm
gonna spec he's out of spec but I still
got my back yo here we go again unload
that baby s cuz it's got no flow here we
go yo you're dancing on your little face
yo this guy is a streamer doesn't know
how to do Murr it's got a nice skin he's
gonna try to lay with this little fake
little nice stall here we wha yo up in
this ball this wrecking ball miley cyrus
doesn't know what he's doing but he's
got a nice name I love him too but I got
this EDS my little brain yells speed is
run out of flow I don't know what to do
next but I'm gonna make it rhyme I get
backs yo he's gonna die soon I don't
know when but I'm gonna spec him out and
say at another time respect him out with
my nice helm I nice EDS those boots that
will are my feet cuz they're a nice
catch you know I don't know what to do
I'm gonna respect him out and that's
about end of the beat and that's about
it for the freestyle Oh guys hope you
enjoy that freestyle rap right there I
didn't rhyme that much but I thought you
know that a little bit interesting it
was my first time kinda I I didn't you
know work on this video I've done a
couple couple attempts a couple of
tenths by you know probably ten of tips
or something like that took me a long
time to get something decent out there I
think this is actually going to be
pretty enjoyable guys if you're still
watching please make sure that you leave
a comment of a suggestion of what you
want to see in the next video if you
like this then make sure you say
something because I don't know if this
is like you know even entertaining I
know it's a little bit
then what I usually do and what may be a
lot of people do but um just you know
just leave a suggestion if you really
like if you're new please subscribe
you're going to enjoy your enjoy your
stay and I got 30 seconds left or
something like that so I'm going to keep
count eight for the people that are
still watch because I love you guys the
guys they're still watching at this
point these guys these are my real fans
so guys once again so this guy actually
he rushed me with smite and then I
killed him that's about it